Traducciones QR Dinamico (#813)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/qr-code/qr-dinamic/qr-dinamic-part-a.en.md

indexable: false  
---

# QR Payment - Dynamic Model
	
## What is dynamic QR?

Dynamic QR allows to have the amount collectible already included in the QR. That is, each QR represents a single order and amount. 

Recommended to use for **desk service model**, for payments with amount included, among others.

## Model characteristics

The main characteristics are:
- The amount is already configured in the QR.
- It allows for repeated payments with the same amount.
- The model is based on an EMVCo defined standard.
- It allows to generate multi-wallet and offline dynamic QR codes.

## How does it work?

1. Create QR content with all data required to make collection.
2. Then, generate a QR code with previously created content.
3. Finally, show the QR code the way you prefer for the customer to pay.

---
### Next steps

> LEFT_BUTTON_REQUIRED_ES
>
> How can dynamic QR be integrated?
>
> Learn step by step the model of this integration.
>

> > [Cómo integrar QR dinámico](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/qr-code/qr-dinamic/qr-dinamic-part-b/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Como integrar QR dinâmico](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/qr-code/qr-dinamic/qr-dinamic-part-b/)
```

> > [Cómo integrar QR dinámico](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/qr-code/qr-dinamic/qr-dinamic-part-b/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [How can dynamic QR be integrated](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/qr-code/qr-dinamic/qr-dinamic-part-b/)
```

> > [Como integrar QR dinâmico](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/qr-code/qr-dinamic/qr-dinamic-part-b/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [How can dynamic QR be integrated](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/qr-code/qr-dinamic/qr-dinamic-part-b/)
```
